How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
    diff command helps me to find exactly where the changes were made between two 
    identical files. (git diff)

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
    Having entire history of a file helps a programmer in many ways like if he/she
    finds a bug he can see the history of the file to know exactly when the bug was 
    introduced. (git log)

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
    Manual creation of commits is good because the programmer has the power to
    commit changes only when one logical change in introduced to a file which results 
    in less redundancy. On the other hand if the programming is being done in collaborative
    environment then it is possible that a programmer may not even choose to commit
    changes he made.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
    Most of the times in programming files can be interelated to each other or in
    other words dependent on each other so it is necessary to keep track of changes made 
    in all files at a given time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
    git log gives the whole history of commits of a repository whereas git diff can
    give the changes that were made to a file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
    Version control acts as a back up for all the hardwork that a programmer went
    while working on a repository, if a programmer decides to make a big change to 
    a file he would not worry about breaking it because he can always recover it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
    For my web development project.